{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red39\green42\blue42;
\red247\green249\blue241;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;\cssrgb\c20392\c21569\c21569;
\cssrgb\c97647\c98039\c95686;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Are there any hidden fees?
\f1\b0 \
No! The fee you are quoted is inclusive of travel and accommodation unless discussed with you at the time of booking.\
Can we watch you live?\
Yes I do anything up to one hundred public performances a year, ranging from comedy clubs to theatre shows. A full list can be found here.\
When should my magician perform?\
This obviously depends on your event and it is best to speak to your performer and get their advice. Magic and food don\'92t mix! This doesn\'92t mean that your magician can\'92t work through a meal, they will just choose the right moment to approach a table. In fact table magic is probably the most popular form of magician entertainment. Plan your speeches and any other events around your magician so they can work freely.\
How many people can a magician cover?\
Roughly one a minute! Obviously they won\'92t perform for individuals but it gives you a rough idea of how long it takes. For one hundred people we advise two hours, fifty maybe an hour. If your numbers are very small we would suggest a half hour parlour show for all your guests at the same time. It is best to talk to your entertainer and get their advice, if the two of you can\'92t agree then move on to another. Just be careful, if a magician tells you they are happy to spend two hours with ten people they are probably desperate for work.\
How do I know if a magician is professional?\
Well you don\'92t! They are not likely to tell you if they have a second job and anyway it\'92s not really relevant. We know many very good part time magicians and some poor professionals. It is much more important you are comfortable with the performer and the price than their status.\
What does award winning mean?\
It really does depend on the award, some are more prestigious than others and some magicians will make a lot out of a local club award. Tim has won at national level, however there are international awards as well. It is a question worth asking if you speak to a performer.\
How much does a magician cost?\
Good question! It depends, prices vary depending on what you need where you are and the time of year. You are unlikely to get a professional magician for less than \'a3350, some are considerable more. Given the price of a corporate event or wedding our advice is go with the magician that you are happy with and pay a little extra if necessary. In the main you do get what you are paid for.\
Should we consider a magician for a wedding?\
Our advice is yes! A magician for a wedding is a good idea and we go into some detail on the website. Weddings are typically family occasions and magic is popular with young and old.\
How do I find the right Magician for me?\
Deciding on the right performer is a very personal decision and only you will know who is going to suit your event best. However there are a number of ways in which you can help make your decision easier.\
Can you reference my past?\
Any good magician will be able to provide a set of references from past events which will support their claim to be a good entertainer. Check that the companies are reputable and the comments are not unnecessarily cut or altered.\
How can I trust this person?\
Have a look at the magicians show reel, it should be on their website. If they don\'92t have one, then move on, the only way to get a feel for their style and ability is by seeing them work. Due to the nature of most professional magicians engagements it is the only way to view them at work. Watch the way they interact with people can you imagine your guests enjoying such a performance?\
How good is my CV?\
A good CV does not necessarily equate to a good magician! However, it is true that it is an indication of a level of experience and standing within the profession and is worth looking for. Have they won any awards and if so what? Are they a member of any professional body, for example The Magic Circle? Where have they worked and who have they worked for?\
How does my crush look like?\
Look at the photographs on the website. Do the guests look happy? This is very important, magic on it\'92s own can be slow and frustrating. A good magician will interact with humour creating a performance that your guests will remember with affection. If a website doesn\'92t show guests who are enjoying themselves then the magician probably doesn\'92t possess them and you should ask yourself why?\
Who can refer me to Google?\
How much of a magicians work is repeat bookings or recommendations from past customers. This is an indication of how popular they are. Entertainers will tell you, getting the first booking is not that hard, it\'92s getting the repeat booking that counts. Half of Tim\'92s work is repeat bookings or recommended by those he has worked for in the past.\
How can I talk to a magician?\
Most importantly pick up the phone and talk to the magician in person. Do you like them? Do you trust them? Booking over the internet is fine but we advise you to speak to your entertainer before deciding to make sure you feel comfortable and happy.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 1. What is Art?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Made up of our imagination, but more real than real. Art helps us experience joy and pain while connecting us to the universe.\
Books I have read in this regard:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Letters-Young-Rainer-Maria-Rilke/dp/1603864806/ref=as_li_ss_tl?dchild=1&keywords=Letters+to+a+Young+Poet+by+Rainer+Maria+Rilke&qid=1591705461&sr=8-2&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=cd83c57e8cb7d9ed5d7b1eff1da11919&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul Letters to a Young Poet}}\'a0by Rainer Maria Rilke,\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Bird-Some-Instructions-Writing-Life/dp/0385480016/ref=as_li_ss_tl?dchild=1&keywords=On+Writing&qid=1591705503&sr=8-9&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=0176d42a8e3f37f5795b2ed3b3aaa41a&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul Bird by Bird}}\'a0by Anne Lamott.\
Books I want to read: Although all books embody art, the major ones I want to read are\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Artists-Way-25th-Anniversary/dp/0143129252/ref=as_li_ss_tl?dchild=1&keywords=The+Artist%27s+Way:+A+Spiritual+Path+to+Higher+Creativity&qid=1591705826&sr=8-1&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=fad782e9ae22d53d8f1485d5616a262b&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul The Artist\'92s Way}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Short-Guide-Happy-Life/dp/0375504613/ref=as_li_ss_tl?dchild=1&keywords=A+Short+Guide+to+a+Happy+Life&qid=1591705935&sr=8-1&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=a63b00bcf88626ad5afd85de3fdefe01&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul A Short Guide to a Happy Life,}}\'a0amongst many others.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 2. What differentiates a good piece of art from a bad one?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The (proper or incomplete) understanding of the feeling with which it is made.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 3. What is Creativity?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Creativity is the imagination that gives birth to art. It is that voice inside us.\'a0\
Books I want to read:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Writers-Diary-Virginia-Woolf/dp/0156027917/ref=as_li_ss_tl?crid=UPXWHY781PGD&dchild=1&keywords=diary+of+virginia+woolf&qid=1591706150&sprefix=diary+of+virginia,aps,405&sr=8-1&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=4f8cda972964209a8dd3718b61a197cb&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul A Writer\'92s Diary}}\'a0by Virginia Woolf,\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Consciousness-Harnessed-Flesh-Notebooks-1964-1980/dp/1250024129/ref=as_li_ss_tl?dchild=1&keywords=As+Consciousness+is+Harnessed+to+Flesh:+Diaries&qid=1591706192&sr=8-1&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=97ba5ac801719ab38255016bc4d2e6e8&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul As Consciousness is Harnessed to Flesh}}: Diaries by Susan Sontag,\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Velocity-Being-Letters-Young-Reader/dp/1592702287/ref=as_li_ss_tl?dchild=1&keywords=A+Velocity+of+Being:+Letters+to+A+Young+Reader&qid=1591706473&sr=8-1&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=ceb868100edda00cf19840e3d8263e4c&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul A Velocity of Being: Letters to A Young Reader}}, and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Eve-Curie/dp/0306810387/ref=as_li_ss_tl?dchild=1&keywords=Madame+Curie:+A+Biography&qid=1591706539&sr=8-1&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=7ac4cf0e64fc47ff4bdf4f642e4ef73f&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul Madame Curie: A Biography}}\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 4.\'a0Why are some people creative and others are not?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The ones who are not creative are scared of admitting their feelings and don\'92t give them the due importance. They think emotional responses make them weak.\
People who accept their emotions and vulnerability and harness it create art: a product of imagination and senses.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 5. Could I ever be good at the art I am pursuing?\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 That depends on how afraid I am. How much do I practice? If I keep doing the thing without being scared all the time and believe in myself, there is nothing I cannot do.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.onmycanvas.com/fight-for-your-dreams/"}}{\fldrslt \ul Hold on even after your hands bleed}}.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 6. Am I a dilettante?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 No. I was, once.\'a0\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 7. Did I start asking the good questions too late?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Yes and no. I could have questioned earlier but that doesn\'92t matter for I have started now. If I had started before,\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.onmycanvas.com/everything-i-have-learned-so-far/"}}{\fldrslt \ul my answers to life}}\'a0would have been different and that has everything to do with the time gone in between.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 8. Do I repent something? (One of the many of\'a0life\'92s biggest questions)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Yes.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 9. Am I learning from my mistakes?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Yes. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.onmycanvas.com/30-life-lessons-i-learned-in-my-20s/"}}{\fldrslt \ul Here}}\'a0are 30 life lessons I learned in my twenties after committing many errors.)\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 10. Why letting go is hard?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Because to let go we have to forgive someone. Often, we need to forgive ourselves to move forward, and that might not be as easy as it looks.\
Books I am reading:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Meditations-Marcus-Aurelius/dp/1545565678/ref=as_li_ss_tl?crid=1RKXZCVMVMJOY&dchild=1&keywords=meditations+marcus+aurelius&qid=1590820551&s=books&sprefix=mediata,stripbooks-intl-ship,354&sr=1-2&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=fea7cef6f3e57e11f600fb4c816aab8a&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul Meditations by Marcus Aurelius}}\'a0and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Letters-Penguin-Classics-Lucius-Annaeus/dp/0140442103/ref=as_li_ss_tl?crid=M0PCAMEO6BRQ&dchild=1&keywords=seneca+letters+from+a+stoic&qid=1590820576&s=books&sprefix=seneca,stripbooks-intl-ship,334&sr=1-1&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=297a705e967f3d06e69c70b81ecf24b4&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul Letters from a Stoic by Seneca}}.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 11. Do I forgive people?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Not always.\'a0\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 12. Why can we never forgive some people even though we know that by thinking about how they hurt us we will only harm ourselves? Wouldn\'92t it be easier if we just let go?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 To forgive is to believe. Sometimes I am scared to believe in goodness.\
\'a0\
13. Should I forgive people?\
Always. But it is not important to always tell them that we were even upset. Forming\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.onmycanvas.com/why-relationships-are-important-and-how-to-build-them/"}}{\fldrslt \ul good personal relationships}}\'a0is a lot about not pointing out others\'92 mistakes all the time.\'a0\'a0\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 14. What matters in life?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 To be able to be on my own while being with the world. To produce art that further instills creativity and inspire people to live. People.\'a0\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 15. Why do I let my emotions puppeteer me when I know that I should act more logically?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 I do get puppeteered, sometimes, because I feel. As Daniel Gilbert wrote, feelings are what mattering means.\
I shouldn\'92t judge myself for having emotions. If I feel this way, many others do, too. All I can do is to understand why I feel what I feel and how can I react in a more patient and logical and fair way to others.\'a0\
I still have to learn a lot about emotions and how to manage them.\
Books I have read in this regard:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Stumbling-Happiness-Daniel-Gilbert/dp/1400077427/ref=as_li_ss_tl?crid=2IYNJ1NQ0KDGI&dchild=1&keywords=stumbling+on+happiness&qid=1590818031&s=books&sprefix=stumblng,stripbooks-intl-ship,345&sr=1-1&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=bb575c9696443675b6d80be473d6179a&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul Stumbling on Happiness by Daniel Gilbert}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Anna-Karenina-Leo-Tolstoy/dp/0143035002/ref=as_li_ss_tl?crid=GOJKRLZY1ICR&dchild=1&keywords=anna+karenina+by+leo+tolstoy&qid=1590818232&s=books&sprefix=anna+ka,stripbooks-intl-ship,353&sr=1-1&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=e05b0642d81385f1b334fe668ecb7f5e&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul Anna Karenina by Leo Tolstoy}}, and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/The-Buddha-Said-OSHO-audiobook/dp/B01J27N210/ref=as_li_ss_tl?dchild=1&keywords=buddha+said&qid=1590818285&s=books&sr=1-1&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=5d7b8ab572e8b7f8390bbe5d84640507&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul The Buddha Said, Meeting the Challenge of Life\'92s Difficulties}}\'a0by Osho.\
Books I want to read:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/How-Emotions-Made-Lisa-Barrett/dp/1328915433/ref=as_li_ss_tl?crid=3O8U2MC9BFTPA&dchild=1&keywords=how+emotions+are+made&qid=1590818183&s=books&sprefix=how+emotions,stripbooks-intl-ship,332&sr=1-1&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=6a7f5cd4af6423b437aef29af1ca4f44&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul How Emotions are Made}}\'a0and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Thinking-Fast-Slow-Daniel-Kahneman/dp/0374533555/ref=as_li_ss_tl?dchild=1&keywords=fast+and+slow&qid=1591697761&sr=8-2&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=a9bdde0602f41daf1f4a375a08b49016&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul Thinking Fast and Slow by Daniel Kahneman}}(half-read) amongst many others.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 16. Why do I stay stuck in a situation when I should step out of it and observe it from a distance?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Because staying stuck in a situation is easier than learning from the experience and coming out of the drama. My short-sightedness overpowers my drone view bringing misery to me and to the others around me. I should step aside from the scene and look at it objectively. It would be hard to watch the scene from a distance, but that is the only logical way to decide what is the best action.\
Do not react, act in absoluteness.\
Books I am reading on this:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Meditations-Marcus-Aurelius/dp/1545565678/ref=as_li_ss_tl?crid=1RKXZCVMVMJOY&dchild=1&keywords=meditations+marcus+aurelius&qid=1590820551&s=books&sprefix=mediata,stripbooks-intl-ship,354&sr=1-2&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=fea7cef6f3e57e11f600fb4c816aab8a&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul Meditations by Marcus Aurelius}}\'a0and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Letters-Penguin-Classics-Lucius-Annaeus/dp/0140442103/ref=as_li_ss_tl?crid=M0PCAMEO6BRQ&dchild=1&keywords=seneca+letters+from+a+stoic&qid=1590820576&s=books&sprefix=seneca,stripbooks-intl-ship,334&sr=1-1&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=297a705e967f3d06e69c70b81ecf24b4&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul Letters from a Stoic by Seneca}}\'a0(both half-read).\
Also Read:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.onmycanvas.com/what-travel-taught-me/"}}{\fldrslt \ul Lessons I Learned from Traveling the World}}\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 17. Do I love prestige?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 I do, and I don\'92t. I love prestige as much as I love pizza once in a while. On most days I love simple rice and dal with fish fry. I know humble work is the pivot but prestige is that break I look for in between.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 18.\'a0What is so special about food?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.onmycanvas.com/when-food-is-life/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Food is a sizzling pot of art}}.\'a0\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 19. Would I commit a crime if the judiciary wasn\'92t a scene?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Yes. Breaking rules is always fascinating, only if the crime doesn\'92t involve hurting any human and nonhuman animal.\'a0\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 20. What is a good routine?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A good routine provides time to sleep, eat, care for ourselves physically and mentally, be with relevant people, make a living, do things that bring joy and hope(the last two could be the same), and play. Thus I can balance my physical, spiritual, mental, and earthly well-being every day. I wouldn\'92t have to wake up one day to realize I am unhealthy or bankrupt or disappointed.\'a0\
The order in which I do the daily activities matter, too. Going from the most important tasks to the least important has proven to be the most efficient.\
But it is best to not compare our routines with others as we all operate differently. I have a detailed article on\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.onmycanvas.com/how-to-make-a-schedule-personal-growth/"}}{\fldrslt \ul creating a routine}}\'a0and other\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.onmycanvas.com/daily-good-habits-to-have/"}}{\fldrslt \ul small daily habits to follow}}\'a0that have formed the basis of my daily life.\'a0\
Books I have read on routines are:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Power-Habit-What-Life-Business/dp/081298160X/ref=as_li_ss_tl?dchild=1&keywords=The+Power+of+Habits&qid=1591768489&sr=8-1&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=3454a52fc199db8aba04c53e9a9b277a&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul The Power of Habits}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Art-Learning-Journey-Optimal-Performance/dp/0743277465/ref=as_li_ss_tl?dchild=1&keywords=art+of+learning&qid=1591768531&sr=8-1&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=3080a88245643860575bcbcf24f17f7a&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul The Art of Learning}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1477800670/ref=as_li_ss_tl?&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=8a23e07568eea2ece202e057b10cc86b&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul Manage Your Day-to-Day: Build Your Routine}}, and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Autobiography-Benjamin-Franklin-Thrift-Editions/dp/0486290735/ref=as_li_ss_tl?dchild=1&keywords=Autobiography+of+Benjamin+Franklin&qid=1591768569&sr=8-1&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=ce661ab341e98ac129483f8317291251&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin}}.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 21. Is it a good expectation to always have a smooth and perfect routine? (What are the challenges I face with a creative routine?)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 No.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.onmycanvas.com/i-was-one-of-the-few-women-in-computer-science/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 I come from an engineering background}}\'a0so shifting to a completely creative routine isn\'92t that straightforward. Some days I still count the number of hours I worked when all that matters is that I managed to write 7000 or even 1000 words. I think about the time spent watching informational videos when the intangible inspiration I absorbed from the videos far surpassed the tangible time.\'a0\
Whether it is a creative routine or not, we all have our challenges. The trick is to\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.onmycanvas.com/make-bad-day-better/"}}{\fldrslt \ul take it day by day}}\'a0and being okay about not having a balance.\
The books I want to read are:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1477800670/ref=as_li_ss_tl?&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=8a23e07568eea2ece202e057b10cc86b&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul Find Your Focus, and Sharpen Your Creative Mind (99U)}}\'a0and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Daily-Rituals-How-Artists-Work/dp/0307273601/ref=as_li_ss_tl?dchild=1&keywords=Daily+Rituals:+How+Artists+Work&qid=1591706927&sr=8-1&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=48b4127af4d18244bde9df0614b44df6&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul Daily Rituals: How Artists Work}}.\'a0\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 22. Can I be more productive by being restless about productivity?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
No. Productivity is subjective and is measured differently in every field.\'a0\
When I was a coder, my efficiency was assessed by a project duration. Now I see productivity as the number of articles I publish. But if all the pieces are subpar, productivity is expensive. A theatre artist could measure her productivity by the number of plays she has done but also by how much she has learned by watching different plays or just by talking to people.\
Productivity in creative tasks is not directly proportional to the tangible deliverables but to intangible learning.\'a0\
Having said that, a certain number of finished projects do seem to put that learning to use and show growth. Never fret, do your best. After all,\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.onmycanvas.com/art-of-learning/"}}{\fldrslt \ul art of learning}}\'a0is something, too.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 23. Why am I unsatisfied with my day even though I know that I could only do so much?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
I set the wrong expectations. There is a thin line between pushing myself by\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.onmycanvas.com/why-are-goals-important/"}}{\fldrslt \ul setting higher goals}}\'a0and creating unrealistic demands. I misjudge the time a job would take. Thus I can\'92t get through the day\'92s task list and feel disappointed even when I have done a lot.\'a0\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 24. How to set the right expectations from a workday?\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Be realistic. Keep only one thing as the focus of the day and several small things that can be done if the first one is completed. As written in the book\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Manage-Your-Day-Day-Creative-ebook/dp/B00B77UE4W/ref=as_li_ss_tl?crid=26ZK3P12J9QIH&dchild=1&keywords=manage+your+day+today&qid=1591686263&sprefix=manage+your+day+,aps,344&sr=8-1&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=1b918be517ecb0f30733ab3a8971c081&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul Manage Your Day to Day}}, if your tasks can\'92t fit on one post-it, how will you do them in a day? Several small things can fill the day, too, so that other days are left for big chunks of crucial work.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.onmycanvas.com/how-to-make-a-schedule-personal-growth/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Here}}\'a0I have shared a lot about creatine a healthy routine and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.onmycanvas.com/work-from-home/"}}{\fldrslt \ul here}}\'a0about trigger routine. Do read.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 25. Are schedules for weak people?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
Whatever works for you is the best. But most productive and successful people around the world say\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.onmycanvas.com/what-are-habits/"}}{\fldrslt \ul habit and routine are their best friends}}.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 26. Are we all doing our best now?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 No. Personally, I can do better. A lot of us are trying hard. But I don\'92t know what to say about the people who have not been working for, let\'92s say, a few years, and are financially dependent on others in spite of a healthy body and mind. Are these people doing their best?\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 27. Do I make excuses?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Sometimes. I should not.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 28. Everything is fine until I compare my life to others\'92. Though I know this, why do I stop being grateful for what I have almost every other second?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Humans have learned to achieve by watching others around them. It is up to me to use that jealousy positively. Don\'92t fight it.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 29. Is it okay if I compare my life to someone else\'92s? (One of the very important personal questions)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 No. Everyone\'92s journey is different. Don\'92t perspire, get inspired.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 30. Why do the people who show-off more than they do or live a self-oriented life shine more than the ones who are working with their head down and bringing a real difference to people\'92s lives?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The one who sells herself gets sold. The ones who are not trying to be popular or are not popular don\'92t want to be. This race to prestige and stardom will never stop.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 31. If everyone knew the best ways to live life\'a0\'97\'a0read the right books and given all the wisdom\'a0\'97\'a0then would we all do the best we can?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 No.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 32. Should we care about society?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Society promises to support us in exchange for our compliance with its ever-expanding collectivist rules. Mostly we are in violation of at least one of these rules, and the society stands there judging us and not helping us. Or we put our head down and follow all its rules to the point when we lose our individuality.\'a0\
I would call society a crowd that expects you to follow it no matter what.\'a0\
And the only good you can do to yourself is to not walk behind society. Find your idiosyncratic hinges in society and hold onto them. Don\'92t worry about the rest.\'a0\
Do watch\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qODxCYQD_zA"}}{\fldrslt \ul this video}}\'a0by Naseeruddin Shah (words of Osho).\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 33. Is there a god?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The serendipity in the universe feels magical, but I do not believe in a god represented by the religions. I do believe in the sublime power of the universe and the self, and they are my guides.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 34. Why is the process so hard? When there is no other way to learn apart from following a process, why do many of us want to take short cuts only to suffer or fail later?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 We are in eternal haste. The end result is supposed to make us feel fulfilled. In our memories that fulfillment is so prominent(from past experiences, from cravings for prestige) that we want to rush through the process.\'a0\
But fulfillment is only any good when we have\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.onmycanvas.com/process-of-learning/"}}{\fldrslt \ul given the process its due time}}\'a0to produce the best result we can. And when we are devoted to something, the end would only lead to another beginning.\'a0\
There is a thin line here between being slow because of laziness or due to going through the process diligently.\'a0\
Books that have helped me:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Art-Learning-Journey-Optimal-Performance/dp/0743277465/ref=as_li_ss_tl?dchild=1&keywords=art+of+learning&qid=1591686236&sr=8-1&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=9e55cf8c401d94f5e2530efe39b31e67&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul The Art of Learning by Josh Waitzkin}}.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Manage-Your-Day-Day-Creative-ebook/dp/B00B77UE4W/ref=as_li_ss_tl?crid=26ZK3P12J9QIH&dchild=1&keywords=manage+your+day+today&qid=1591686263&sprefix=manage+your+day+,aps,344&sr=8-1&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=1b918be517ecb0f30733ab3a8971c081&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul Manage Your Day to Day}}\'a0by\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://99u.adobe.com/"}}{\fldrslt \ul 99U}}.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 35. How would we be if we didn\'92t have any goals?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 We would be lost. We would be like a painter who has all the brushes, paints, canvases, scenes, but he doesn\'92t know he can paint.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.onmycanvas.com/let-life-happen/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Let life flow}}, but you should be aware of the direction of the wind.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 36. How did disempowering the harassed one became an accepted way to deal with the tormentors? (For more context,\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/features/girl-safe-mothers-ironing-daughters-breasts-200128130832821.html"}}{\fldrslt read this}}.)\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Survival can make us do anything. In George Orwell\'92s 1984, Winston informed upon Julia to save himself even though he loved her and didn\'92t want her to suffer.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 37. How can I stop judging people?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 By knowing them. By accepting them. When I understand them more, I judge them less.\'a0\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 38. Why do people always think that they are all right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 We all believe that we are right because our opinions and values help us draw our (little) selves on the larger frame of the world. Without opinions, we would be lost. So we hold onto our beliefs dearly.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 39. Should we pretend to know even when we don\'92t?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 No. We should fear to be wrong and to represent false values if we wish for anything more than a stunted growth. In short, having no opinion is better than faking it.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 40. Even though I know that life is not only about the things of consequence(something that would lead us somewhere) and we all just need \'93to be\'94 more often than not, why do I rush to make every moment count?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Because I don\'92t completely believe in not making every moment count.\
Since childhood, I have been working to achieve something or the other. I was judged on my test results and not valued on how well I played badminton or how much I giggled or how sensitive I was and that I maintained a diary full of poems.\'a0\
It is only obvious that I started thinking of deliverables and achievements as valuable benchmarks and core life values. Now when I even want to go back to normal, it is a \'93shifted\'94 normal.\
I am trying to\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.onmycanvas.com/success-is-about-having-fun/"}}{\fldrslt \ul work only for joy now}}\'a0and also prioritizing play. [Things of consequence is a phrase I borrowed from\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.onmycanvas.com/relearning-the-most-important-principles-life/"}}{\fldrslt \ul the basic lessons of The Little Prince.}}]\
Books I have read:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Little-Prince-ANTOINE-SAINT-EXUPERY/dp/B000T6ADTI/ref=as_li_ss_tl?crid=1AZI7JILCWZE0&dchild=1&keywords=the+little+prince+katherine+woods&qid=1591685026&sprefix=the+little+prince+katherine,aps,165&sr=8-1&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=1cf9d14c984dfc74eea4e6295289c9de&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul The Little Prince by}}\'a0Antoine de Saint-Exup\'e9ry. Some I mentioned above in the creative routine section.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 41. Am I happy?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 I am satisfied with how things have turned up. I am thrilled about the possibilities. I am amazed that we are here. If all of this adds up to happiness, then yes I am.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 42. What helps me go through each day of my life? What is my driving force?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Contemplation about what life is,\
how I can add value,\
seeing the world and its people and how can I encourage them that they are okay as who they are and help them navigate life with more ease and fun,\
creating art and not going after the rut,\
refraining myself from just passing time and learning as much as I can,\
reading the fictional and non-fictional worlds created by others,\
and building myself to be a better human being are things that drive my day and my entirety.\
Books to read:\'a0All fiction and non-fiction books I read lead me in this direction.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 43. Am I honest with myself?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 I lie to myself sometimes. And when I do, I become irritable. I lie because the truth scares me. But the only way to move ahead and to be free is to accept the fear and act in spite of it.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 44. Would I be doing the same thing I am doing now if money was not a thing? If I was asked to do one thing for the rest of my life without limiting myself by any constraints, what would that be? And why?\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
I would continue to write and travel(I am considering these two as one as\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.onmycanvas.com/travel-inspiration/"}}{\fldrslt \ul traveling is just a way of living for me}}).\
And if I would be able to do more than one thing at the same time without affecting my focus, I would do all these \'97 gardening(paused), writing, reading, painting(paused), cooking, carpentry(never started), fishing(never started), playing, traveling, studying psychology and other sciences, making wine(never started), theatre(never started), and dancing(leisurely).\
[I did pen down my journey from engineering to writing full-time\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.onmycanvas.com/i-quit-my-job-to-write/"}}{\fldrslt \ul here}}.]\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Random Questions About Life and the World.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 45. Are we, humans, overall, getting more tolerant, or are we becoming more rigid?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Some of us are becoming tolerant and some are getting rigid.\'a0\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 46. Do all beautiful things come with thorns? Are the behavioral and emotional drawbacks and sensitivities of the most sincere human beings their spiky guards against the world?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
Often the most intelligent and innovative humans are the most absurd, in common view. They are eccentric, don\'92t care about what others say or think, and do what they seem right. In my opinion, this eccentricity is much needed.\'a0\
As Nietzsche had said once, \'93all superior men who were irresistibly drawn to throw off the yoke of any kind of morality and to frame new laws had, if they were not actually mad, no alternative but to make themselves or pretend to be mad.\'94\
Books I have read: All of\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Friedrich-Nietzsche/e/B000APYT8O/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ref=sr_ntt_srch_lnk_2&qid=1591774433&sr=8-2&linkCode=ll2&tag=7804c-20&linkId=a0bc07ee90875dee025fc7a4539cecab&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul Nietzsche\'92s philosophy}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Ruskin-Bond/e/B01D2X1L8G/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ref=sr_ntt_srch_lnk_1&qid=1591778322&sr=1-1&linkCode=ll2&tag=7804c-20&linkId=01198720be9d6b15f3ed73cab3bde874&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul Ruskin Bond\'92s work}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Outsider-Albert-Camus-dp-0241980615/dp/0241980615/ref=as_li_ss_tl?_encoding=UTF8&me=&qid=1591778130&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=cce31a7d796af1a0817b095e2c9fc854&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul The Outsider}}\'a0by Albert Camus. Books I want to read:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Writers-Diary-Virginia-Woolf/dp/0156027917/ref=as_li_ss_tl?crid=UPXWHY781PGD&dchild=1&keywords=diary+of+virginia+woolf&qid=1591706150&sprefix=diary+of+virginia,aps,405&sr=8-1&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=4f8cda972964209a8dd3718b61a197cb&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul A Writer\'92s Diary}}\'a0by Virginia Woolf,\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Consciousness-Harnessed-Flesh-Notebooks-1964-1980/dp/1250024129/ref=as_li_ss_tl?dchild=1&keywords=As+Consciousness+is+Harnessed+to+Flesh:+Diaries&qid=1591706192&sr=8-1&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=97ba5ac801719ab38255016bc4d2e6e8&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul As Consciousness is Harnessed to Flesh}}: Diaries by Susan Sontag, and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Eve-Curie/dp/0306810387/ref=as_li_ss_tl?dchild=1&keywords=Madame+Curie:+A+Biography&qid=1591706539&sr=8-1&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=7ac4cf0e64fc47ff4bdf4f642e4ef73f&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul Madame Curie: A Biography,}}\'a0and the progressive classic and contemporary books and auto/biographies.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 47. How would it be if money didn\'92t lead to prestige but only served its primitive purpose?\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The scales would shift to it being all about prestige.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 48. Humans can adapt to almost any change. Then why do we fret and cry when we see even the tiniest part of our day or life move in an unexpected direction?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Because our minds and bodies are lazy and don\'92t want to do any extra work. We grow comfortable in our space out of habit. To break the routine, we bring change, but then we fear that change.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 49. Is working less really such an amazing thing as people say it is?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Maybe. Because in the time in which I am not obligated to produce any result, I learn, play, spend time with my loved ones, plan, ponder, go to a park or hike, read the news, cook, work out, grow, and live.\
But when I enjoy my work more than at least a few (or all) these activities, the time segregation fades away. We shouldn\'92t wish to work less in the beginning years as we build foundational skills in that time that would make all the difference. Also, work and life should bleed into each other.\
Also read:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.onmycanvas.com/work-should-not-be-boring/"}}{\fldrslt \ul Work should not be boring}}\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 50. Now we put ourselves before anyone else. But what if we were made to do it the other way round? Would the system work?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 It would be chaotic. Everyone trying to do something for the other person. Some people would lose, and some would be over-cared for. So selfishness isn\'92t that bad, after all.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
51. Do the problems of a human evolve or do we keep thinking about the same things?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 We love to worry about the same things over and over. As I describe in my\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.onmycanvas.com/everything-i-have-learned-so-far/"}}{\fldrslt \ul learnings from life}}, if I am thinking about the same problems repeatedly (the dictionary of Obscure Sorrows describes this weariness with the same old issues as\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.dictionaryofobscuresorrows.com/post/101336431208/altschmerz"}}{\fldrslt \ul Altschmerz}}) it doesn\'92t mean that I haven\'92t made any progress. Progress reflects in how I struggle with those problems.\'a0\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 52. Is having problems bad?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 No. Old problems mean we care. New problems mean we are trying to move. None of it is bad.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
More Questions to Myself and To See if I Am Growing\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 53. Am I learning every day?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Yes.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 54. How would you know what is useful and what is not until you try?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Do what drives your heart. Listen to your innermost voices. Do try.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 55. If I had to choose between only telling lies all my life or had to only speak the truth for the rest of my life, what would I choose?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 I would choose to lie, keeping up with truth seems hard, at least for now. (The Invention of Lying is a good movie in this context. I do remember an older movie in which lying was invented but I cannot remember the name of that one.)\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 56. Does anger help me put across my point of view or the course of action to be taken by the other person\'a0or show the earnestness of the issue at hand clearly?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Anger shows weakness. But sometimes I can\'92t help shout or be angry because the other person didn\'92t pay any regards to what I said or asked of her.\
Anger is not justified when dealing with personal matters even if close people have wronged me. But sometimes instructions soaked in a bit of anger help getting things done on time and properly.\
One should always try and avoid anger as much as they can.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 57. Immediate fun or longer purpose \'97 how to choose?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
Both have a place. My purpose keeps me going. By doing the things that\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.onmycanvas.com/what-is-the-meaning-of-life/"}}{\fldrslt \ul I find meaningful}}, I stay happy.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.onmycanvas.com/how-to-achieve-your-goals/"}}{\fldrslt \ul I move towards my goal}}.\'a0\
In the absence of a bigger goal, I would be lost. I would indulge in immediate gratification but that won\'92t do me much good on long-term as I would get bored of indulging, too, and then I would have nothing to fall back upon.\'a0\
My work, writing, and other systems hold me together, helps me map myself in the world. And because they add such high value to my life, it is only natural that I have to give back to even deserve them.\'a0\
I repay these systems by choosing them over other momentary pleasures. But in the middle of it all, I should sit down and rest sometimes. There is nothing wrong with pausing.\'a0\
Also read:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.onmycanvas.com/nietzsche-ambition-and-happiness/"}}{\fldrslt \ul How to choose between ambition and happiness}}, as inspired by Nietzsche.\'a0\
Books I have read:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Twilight-Hackett-Classics-Friedrich-Nietzsche/dp/0872203549/ref=as_li_ss_tl?dchild=1&keywords=twilight+of+idols&qid=1591721912&sr=8-5&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=d487c2814fcd7ffb2448f2479ff95fab&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul Twilight of Idols}}\'a0by Neitzsche and Victor Frankl\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Mans-Search-Meaning-Viktor-Frankl/dp/0807014273/ref=as_li_ss_tl?crid=1LM7AGI62SUO2&dchild=1&keywords=man%27s+search+for+meaning&qid=1590814768&sprefix=man%27s+sear,aps,335&sr=8-1&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=d48c4f51653cf8d7e41886c7d6739380&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul Man\'92s Search for Meaning}}.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 58. Am I getting affected by people and are my decisions influenced by them?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 At first, yes. Then I collect myself, shake off the craving for glamor, and do what I think is the best for me. But we would never know to what extent are we influenced by the present and the past people.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 59. Can there be a balance between conventional and unconventional? Is your conventional side a social response or the real you?\'a0Do your unconventional traits define you or can they be attributed to peer influence?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
I would have been more freely flowing had I not been constrained by some of the societal norms that I am still in the process of erasing(from my mind). I can do anything I like, live in a camper van in the jungles of Ohio or backpack Africa for years, but I still feel restricted by society even though I don\'92t care, as I say.\'a0\
I think I try to find a mid-point so to keep them and me, both of us, moderately happy. So a camper van turns into backpacking and Africa for years changes to months.\'a0\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 60. Who are my friends?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The one who would tell me if I did something wrong but would still be my friend. The one who would have my back when I am not there.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 61. Who should we consider family?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 People who are related by blood and who behave so. Those who run into me for a few minutes on the street or stay with me for a few days on a trip and show me compassion and kindness and try to understand me. I am not constrained to make a family only with the people I know by birth. My family could be spread around the world.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.onmycanvas.com/why-relationships-are-important-and-how-to-build-them/"}}{\fldrslt \ul We are all part of one}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
62. Am I easy on myself?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Not always. I should be.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
63. How can I quantify effort?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The number of hours we have put and the depth we are ready to dig in define effort. If I spend 70 hours a week writing and reading, but I don\'92t try to correct grammar issues or don\'92t read something incomprehensible a second time, my efforts are compromised.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
64. Do I like life?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Yes. It is the most successful random occurrence of bizarre events one could have never imagined. As someone said, how are we not amazed every day that we are even here.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 65. Do I like my life?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Yes. I am so excited about the possibilities that I can\'92t even sleep some nights.\'a0\
\'a0\
But it is all going to end..\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
66. What is the meaning of life? When we leave empty-handed, why do we go on living as if there is no end when the next moment could be the finale?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
I am still figuring out the answer to this one. But here is what I know so far.\'a0\
We have evolved through survival (though I often wonder what does breathing even mean). We must all be interconnected \'97 nature and us \'97 for we evolved to be pretty interdependent on each other. There is no food without the sun and no life without water and no survival without plants. Everything works for everything else.\'a0\
The bigger goal of life is to keep the world running. Our instincts always make us prefer a goal that adds value to the world \'97 to something bigger than us. The meaning seems to be survival. As H.G.Wells demonstrated in his book\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Time-Machine-H-G-Wells/dp/1945644753/ref=as_li_ss_tl?_encoding=UTF8&qid=1590820070&sr=1-1&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=fb61ad70e997510decf210edeefb90a3&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul The Time Machine}}\'a0that when humans had idealized their living conditions, they had no reason to strive.\'a0\
I feel that being here, at this moment, and going through the rut is the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.onmycanvas.com/what-is-the-meaning-of-life/"}}{\fldrslt \ul purpose of life}}.\'a0\
Books I have read: Victor Frankl\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Mans-Search-Meaning-Viktor-Frankl/dp/0807014273/ref=as_li_ss_tl?crid=1LM7AGI62SUO2&dchild=1&keywords=man%27s+search+for+meaning&qid=1590814768&sprefix=man%27s+sear,aps,335&sr=8-1&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=d48c4f51653cf8d7e41886c7d6739380&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul Man\'92s Search for Meaning}}, Nietzsche\'92s philosophy,\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Wisdom-Insecurity-Message-Age-Anxiety/dp/0307741206/ref=as_li_ss_tl?crid=1EOGL8INT5BN2&dchild=1&keywords=the+age+of+anxiety+alan+watts&qid=1590815287&s=books&sprefix=the+age+of+anxiety+alan+,stripbooks-intl-ship,345&sr=1-1&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=d216ab244a90ec52d2c161579e7bcbc1&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul The Wisdom of Insecurity, A Message for an Age of Anxiety}}. Books I want to read:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Myth-Sisyphus-Other-Essays/dp/0679733736/ref=as_li_ss_tl?dchild=1&keywords=the+myth+of+sisyphus&qid=1590814813&s=books&sr=1-2&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=0025e0076fe65a0cbfb6543d5bcd4494&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul The Myth of Sisyphus by Albert Camus}}\'a0and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Origin-Species-150th-Anniversary/dp/0451529065/ref=as_li_ss_tl?crid=PX1KNRWQTJY3&dchild=1&keywords=the+origin+of+species+charles+darwin&qid=1590814962&s=books&sprefix=The+Origin+of+Species+,stripbooks-intl-ship,427&sr=1-1&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=c1c904800d8e7c347e8e3c1695211d83&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul The Origin of Species}}\'a0by Charles Darwin.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 67. What will happen after I go?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
I will no longer breathe. My heart would not pump blood anymore. My body will be devoid of life. My consciousness would cease to exist within me but would continue to be merged with the world in the form of life I have already lived.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 68. Why do I go on living like I\'92m the nucleus of the world?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The feeling that the self is the only one that exists is known as solipsism. We all feel that we are the only ones, and this is a profound irony of our world.\
I am typing these words and the birds are chirping outside and the neighbor\'92s dog is barking and my husband is working outside\'97 all of this seems to be happening in my world, and mine, only. But while you are reading these\'a0biggest questions in life, similar things are happening in your world, and yours, only.\'a0\
I can\'92t comprehend a world without me at its center. You can\'92t either. Yet when we go,\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaX0iqyzK7Q"}}{\fldrslt \ul the world goes on}}.\'a0\
We are at the center of our world to maintain equilibrium.\
Books I have read in this regard:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Wisdom-Insecurity-Message-Age-Anxiety/dp/0307741206/ref=as_li_ss_tl?crid=22VBTQXPG4AK0&dchild=1&keywords=the+wisdom+of+insecurity+alan+watts&qid=1591694702&sprefix=the+wisdom+of+insse,aps,343&sr=8-1&linkCode=ll1&tag=7804c-20&linkId=58a80895cb737d8ef2eeafb1d56663af&language=en_US"}}{\fldrslt \ul The Wisdom of Insecurity}}.\'a0\
I need to read a lot more to understand.\'a0\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 69. Is my meditation of \'93being\'94 stronger than the animals? Does solipsism exist for nonhuman animals?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
I don\'92t fully understand the idea of self for nonhuman animals. Things to read:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://link.springer.com/article/10.1023%2FA%3A1010311102118"}}{\fldrslt \ul Taking Solipsism Seriously: Nonhuman Animals and Meta-cognitive Theories of Consciousness}}.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 70. What if time wasn\'92t linear? How can we be advancing forward always?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
Though much has been written about time and philosophers from around the world interpret it differently, I believe time grows in concentric circles. Time isn\'92t linear. While one wave of time is pulsating, another one flows in. And this keeps going on. At any time we have millions of these waves intersecting with each other in manners unknown.\
Past and present overlap all the time. Though we only need to focus on the right now, for that is the only thing under our control, our past is affecting us all the time.\
I need to read more about time.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 71. Do I love enough?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 I don\'92t know. There are times when I don\'92t love everyone as much as I should.\'a0\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 72. What is the one thing you would pass on if we all disappeared tomorrow?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 I would pass on nothing. We all came in and made our own space, learned everything, and established life and its paraphernalia. I would let the oncoming generation, too, to figure it all out themselves and not daze them by an out of context message. [My answer is similar to Jaron Lanier\'92s from the episode but this is how I feel.]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 73. Do I have a guardian angel?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Yes.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 74. Am I a guardian angel for someone?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Yes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 75. If staying quiet makes things easier, should we not say anything in a personal or general situation even when we strongly disagree?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Sometimes speaking about how I feel has made people dislike me, and I have been reprimanded by close people for making issues out of dust.\
Reflecting upon that time, I realize that when I was judged or generalized in a negative way, I wasn\'92t always at fault. The person who had sent the feedback my way was scrutinizing me under the lens of her own negativity, jealousy, inexperience, and voyeuristic instincts.\
But I stopped responding to those negative comments as I was scared of being further sucked into the whirlpool of criticism attracting the remarks of being irritable or angry. I wish I could have spoken for myself in a polite and friendly manner. But I didn\'92t know any better.\
Because I didn\'92t stand up gaily for myself then, I never got closure, and a lot of those comments still hurt me and have estranged my relationship with those people. They haven\'92t changed and aren\'92t even aware of the harms caused.\
Standing up for oneself modestly is important to save relationships. We can smile and take feedback and tell what we think is right and then move on.\
But when I meet someone obstinate, I don\'92t have to prove my point. I can put across my thoughts and that\'92s it. The further I try to push my view, the further I would send the other person from accepting them or putting them under his lens of review.\
Could you tell me something about my future?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs44 \cf4 \cb5 You could start feeling more detached or distant from your favorite people right about now, but there is nothing to worry about. Don't let your emotions convince you of things that aren't true. These people haven't changed and you haven't changed. The situation has changed, and it will change again. So whatever weirdness is going on right now won't be going on forever. Just be patient and know that these people care about you. You still have a place in their lives.\
\
Don't let someone else establish the framework of a particularly important conversation today. If the topic involves deep emotions, you need to make sure that you say what you need to say without getting too defensive. Watch for nonverbal clues that someone might not be telling the whole story, and then ask them about it. Communication is always important, but right now you have to make sure that it is as healthy as it is effective.\
\
It's important to stay on your toes today, but staying sharp isn't just about being alert, it's also about being healthy. Make sure you start this day with a good breakfast. None of this dessert-type stuff either. You need solid brain food to keep you focused and thinking positively. Too much sugar too early in your day just about guarantees that you're going to run out of steam by the afternoon. So make vegetables, proteins, and grains your new best friends for the next few days.\
\
Be careful who you get involved with, especially in terms of any business dealings. Your urge to get what you want is so strong that it could be blinding you to some major red flags that are popping up left and right. Maybe there's been too much instant gratification in your life lately, and you might need to start changing that. When you get what you want when you want it, the value is lessened. But when you work and save for something over time, it's all the more valuable when you finally get it.\
\
If you look beneath the surface of pleasant small talk today, you're sure to find some clues that point to the real intentions that lie behind what people are saying. There is a big disconnect between what they're saying and what they're feeling, but the mystery as to why they're acting like this isn't yours to solve. Just make sure that you're the one person who is truly saying what they mean. It will help you persevere and succeed at your latest venture.\
\
You are starting to think twice about a compromise you recently made with a friend. What you thought was going to happen isn't happening, and now you're wondering if you made a mistake. Well, you're stuck with the consequences of your actions, so just make the best of it and try not to have any regrets. You can be up front about any concerns you're having with the other person, but you can't expect them to make a change to suit your needs. It's just not realistic right now.\
\
People notice when other people stand up for their principles, and they'll notice when you stand up for yours today. Sure, by sticking to your guns you might make things inconvenient for one or two folks, but so what? You can't change your way of doing things just to make someone else happy. If people consider it selfish of you to resist going along with the crowd, that's their problem, not yours. Be prepared to go it alone for the next few days if you must. It will be worth it.\
\
People are very different on the inside than what their outside appearance may lead you to believe. Of course, this isn't news to you, but it's something to keep at the front of your mind today. When you meet someone new now, you need to go way beyond not judging this book by its cover. You'll need to go ahead and read a few pages before you come to any conclusions about who they are and what they could bring to your life. Give them respect and some of your time.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa330\partightenfactor0

\fs33 \cf4 You'll be able to make just about anything entertaining today, given the huge wave of creative energy you're riding right now. You know how to keep your brain engaged and have fun in very subtle ways. You don't have to be laughing hysterically to enjoy what you're doing. For you, just taking a walk outside and enjoying the scenery will be enough. Small gestures, quiet conversations, and unconscious actions will be a hallmark of today.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs44 \cf4 It's true that you need friends in order to lead a more fulfilled life, but it's not a good idea to get too hung up about how many friends you have. It's all about quality, not quantity. If you think that just because you aren't always part of a big gang of people that you don't have the level of support you need, that is utter nonsense. All you really need is one person who is willing to listen without judgment. That person could be a teacher, a co-worker, or a neighbor.\
\
Your deep feelings for someone get even deeper today when they do something that reminds you just what a special person they are. Take time to express to them how they make you feel, and don't be afraid to get flowery with your words. Just because you may have told them how much you care about them in the past doesn't mean you shouldn't remind them about it again and again! It feels good to be admired, and don't you want to make them feel good?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa330\partightenfactor0

\fs33 \cf4 You need to confront someone about a difficult issue, but you've been putting it off. It's totally understandable. After all, it's not fun to have complicated conversations. But the longer you put things off, the worse things will get. So today, stop being wishy-washy about how you feel! It will be exhilarating and liberating to step up and get something off your chest. It's only once you get it off your chest that you'll realize just how heavily it was weighing on you.}